README.md, before:

# Bookkeeping
This repository contains the software for ALICE Bookkeeping.

## Contributors

### Team Arsenic (AUAS semester 2 , 2020)
| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/57952173?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br> [Iraj Dam](https://github.com/emasiraj)<br>Role: Developer<br>| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/23157311?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Nino van Galen](https://github.com/noxi333)<br>**Backend developer**<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ninovangalen/)) | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/14125058?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[John Ghatas](https://github.com/john-ghatas)<br>Role: Developer<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-ghatas-b6bb3412b/))| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/578219?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Profile avatar" /><br>[Patrick Hendriks](https://github.com/phendriksnl)<br>Role: Projectmanager<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/p-hendriks/)) | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/37507522?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Damian de Hoog](https://github.com/DdeHoog)<br>Role: Projectcoördinator<br> |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/36443695?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Maurits Kramer](https://github.com/MauritsioRK)<br>Role: Developer<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maurits-kramer-370/))| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/32191876?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Enrique Moreno](https://github.com/morenoenr)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/19711186?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Jeffrey van Riemsdijk](https://github.com/Walorda)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1338403?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Noam van der Schroeff](https://github.com/noamxx)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/25134477?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Martijn Vegter](https://github.com/mvegter)<br>**Project Coordinator**<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/martijnvegter/)) |

### Team Beryllium (Moscow, 2020)
(TODO)

Commit message:

docs: added Wiki section to link all documention

README.md, after:

# Bookkeeping
This repository contains the software for ALICE Bookkeeping.

## Wiki
- Go to chapter: [Configuration](./docs/CONFIGURATION.md)
- Go to chapter: [Contributing](./docs/CONTRIBUTING.md)
- Go to chapter: [Development](./docs/DEVELOPMENT.md)
- Go to chapter: [Docker](./docs/DOCKER.md)
- Go to chapter: [OpenAPI](./docs/OPENAPI.md)

## Contributors

### Team Arsenic (AUAS semester 2 , 2020)
| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/57952173?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br> [Iraj Dam](https://github.com/emasiraj)<br>Role: Developer<br>| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/23157311?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Nino van Galen](https://github.com/noxi333)<br>**Backend developer**<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/ninovangalen/)) | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/14125058?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[John Ghatas](https://github.com/john-ghatas)<br>Role: Developer<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-ghatas-b6bb3412b/))| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/578219?v=4" width="100px;" alt="Profile avatar" /><br>[Patrick Hendriks](https://github.com/phendriksnl)<br>Role: Projectmanager<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/p-hendriks/)) | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/37507522?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Damian de Hoog](https://github.com/DdeHoog)<br>Role: Projectcoördinator<br> |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/36443695?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Maurits Kramer](https://github.com/MauritsioRK)<br>Role: Developer<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maurits-kramer-370/))| <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/32191876?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Enrique Moreno](https://github.com/morenoenr)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/19711186?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Jeffrey van Riemsdijk](https://github.com/Walorda)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/1338403?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Noam van der Schroeff](https://github.com/noamxx)<br>Role: Developer<br> | <img src="https://avatars1.githubusercontent.com/u/25134477?v=4" width="100px;" alt="" /><br>[Martijn Vegter](https://github.com/mvegter)<br>**Project Coordinator**<br>([LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/martijnvegter/)) |

### Team Beryllium (Moscow, 2020)
(TODO)
