basic terms:
- LHC period - intervals characterized by common conditions in the accelerator
- run — an interval of acquiring data, characterized by common conditions inside detectors and software configuration. Described by numbers in incremental order
- data pass - processing of batch of PHYSICS runs on MonALISA
- simulation pass - reconstruction of data of batch of runs using Monte Carlo method
- anchored pass - simulation pass linked to given data pass
- anchorage - data pass which given simulation pass is linked to
- QC flag - quality control information assigned to segment of data collected by a detector during a run

1. About LHC Periods, runs and passes
Operational Runs are divided into periods – intervals characterized by common conditions
in the accelerator (LHC). An interval of acquiring data, characterized by common conditions
inside detectors and software configuration, is called a data acquisition run. They usually last
from a few minutes to a dozen hours.
Raw measures coming from detectors need to be translated into high-level data (particle
trajectory, particle identity) in the process of reconstruction. To achieve the highest accuracy
and precision possible, reconstruction is preceded by calibration – the process of gathering
information about the detector working conditions. Data may be calibrated and reconstructed
several times. Selected runs after calibration and reconstruction processes are grouped into
so called data passes in order to investigate them as a cluster. The process of organizing runs into passes is
referred to as a production.
Data is not only provided by detectors – it is also simulated for the sake of comparing
predictions with real data (the real data is a so-called anchor of the simulated data and the
process of binding them together is referred to as anchoring). Simulated data is used for
software testing and other various studies as well. This way the correctness of models can be
verified. Simulated data reconstruction is performed using the same software as the real data
acquired from detectors and the same data processing procedures are applied. In conclusion,
two separate types of productions can be distinguished: real data productions (data passes) and
Monte Carlo productions (simulations).

2. QC flags
Each QC flag is constituted by time period and QC flag type, whereby the type indicates actual quality of data.
e.g. for some run, there can be a QC flag with type `BAD PID` which covers whole run or part of it.

QC flags can be divided into two groups: synchronous and asynchronous.
Synchronous flags are generated by synchronous QC checks/task during data acquisition. One synchronous flag is defined upon two entities (run, detector) (in terms of association in DB)
Asynchronous flags are generated by asynchronous QC tasks and provided by detectors' exports after data acquisition. One asynchronous flag is defined upon tree entities (data or simulation pass, run, detector)




