basic terms:
- LHC period - intervals characterized by common conditions in the accelerator, name of LHC Period follows regex `LHC[0-9]{2}[a-z]+`.
- run - an interval of acquiring data, characterized by common conditions inside detectors and software configuration. Described by numbers in incremental order
- data pass - processing/reconstruction of batch of PHYSICS runs' data on MonALISA
- simulation pass - reconstruction of data of batch of runs using Monte Carlo method
- reconsturction - translation of raw data into high-level data (particle trajectory, particle identity)
- Monte Carlo methods - broad class of computational algorithms that rely on repeated sampling to obtain numerical results
- anchored pass - simulation pass which is linked to a data pass
- anchorage - data pass which a simulation pass is linked to
- QC flag - quality control information assigned to one segment of data collected by a detector during a run
- MonALISA (abbr. ML) - system of detectors' data processing on Grid

1. About LHC Periods, runs and passes
Operational Runs are divided into periods - intervals characterized by common conditions
in the accelerator (LHC). An interval of acquiring data, characterized by common conditions
inside detectors and software configuration, is called a data acquisition run. They usually last
from a few minutes to a dozen hours.
Raw measures coming from detectors need to be translated into high-level data (particle
trajectory, particle identity) in the process of reconstruction. To achieve the highest accuracy
and precision possible, reconstruction is preceded by calibration - the process of gathering
information about the detector working conditions. Data may be calibrated and reconstructed
several times. Selected runs after calibration and reconstruction processes are grouped into
so called data passes in order to investigate them as a cluster. The process of organizing runs into passes is referred to as a production.
Data is not only provided by detectors - it is also simulated for the sake of comparing
predictions with real data (the real data is a so-called anchor of the simulated data and the
process of binding them together is referred to as anchoring). Simulated data is used for
software testing and other various studies as well. This way the correctness of models can be
verified. Simulated data reconstruction is performed using the same software as the real data
acquired from detectors and the same data processing procedures are applied. In conclusion,
two separate types of productions can be distinguished: real data productions (`data passes`) and Monte Carlo productions (`simulations passes`).
Majority of data passes being handled in RCT have names, which follow pattern `<LHC_PERIOD>_(c|a)pass*` e.g. LHC23zzk_apass3, LHC23zzg_cpass0, LHC23zzg_apass2_upc.
Those which containes phrase `cpass` refere to calibrations metioned earlier, whereas actual reconstruction takes place during `apass-es`. Some of them with additional suffix, e.g. `_upc`, `_res`, `_test` and `_debug` serve as auxiliary data analyzies.
Other data passes (handled in RCT) follow pattern `<PERIOD_NAME>_skimming` (see section 3);

2. QC flags
Each QC flag is constituted by time period, QC flag type and optional comment, whereby the type indicates actual quality of data. Flag type has two boolean properties affecting quality, `bad` which indicates usuability in physical analysis, and `monte_carlo_reproducible` which tells whether data are usuable in simulations (Monte Carlo).
QC flags can be divided into two groups: synchronous and asynchronous.
Synchronous flags are generated by synchronous QC checks/task during data acquisition. One synchronous flag is defined upon two entities (run, detector) (in terms of association in DB).
Asynchronous flags are generated by asynchronous QC tasks and detectors' experts after data acquisition. One asynchronous flag is defined upon tree entities (data or simulation pass, run, detector)
For now it is possible to create and remove QC flag in RCT.
In current design newly created QC flag nullifies previous one on overlapping segment.
Information, for which periods, a QC flag is non-nullified or is `effective` is stored as QC flags' effective periods in DB. In principle, a QC flag which was just created has only one effective period, which is the same as period of the QC flag itself. It can happen, that a flag created later, can nullifiy the previous one on segment around begining or ending leaving one continouse effective segment (period) of earlier one or can split it by nullifing inner segment. It is possible that some QC flag's effective period is splited to multiple, disjoint and continous segments.

3. Skimming
Skimming is procedure of data compression of proton-proton runs' data only.
Resultant data of some apass (usually apass1) are taken into skimming. This data pass is called `skimmable`. `Skimming` productions is one of data passes in MonALISA with name like `<PERIOD_NAME>_skimming`, and as such should be visible in RCT.
After successful skimming resultant data are processed in next data pass with name `<PERIOD_NAME>_apass<k+1>_skimmed` (so called `skimmed`), where `k` is index of skimmable apass, and possibly in further apass-es with the index incremented accordingly. These data passes are called `post_skimmed`.
